hi guys dark painting here today I'm
going to tell you about quit quit as a
app for your phone where you can send
stickers sittin send cards and all that
fun stuff to your friends family or
anybody you talk to because frankly I'm
a lonely person don't have friends
pretty much so yeah uh let's get started
I'm gonna buy a cipher den sticker
because why not
okay now I'm going to give this hi i'm
dead out is why not I got a little an
angel Dennis anger Dean yeah now I'm
gonna get another one is going to get a
little Wolfie raps just come on I'm
gonna buy this one yours go start off so
you like your the whoopee whoopee you
can do even trade - some people don't
know how to use it but
here's how to get like the key for that
quit uh keyboard so how to use the quit
stickers because you know some people
don't know use it so I'm gonna show you
go to the settings quit keyboard you
quit keyboard you know slide that thing
all over the right side
it offers everyone - I bought those
stickers I'm going to use it on my disk
or server I'm going to link also link
will be description for my discourse
server same also the also the person who
told me about this I mean it was cypher
dead so you know will live a YouTube
channel in the description and a discord
server if I can I'm not sure I can if
Donaldson or Twitter so you know goes up
to her follow her that's good I'm going
to send a little
binge-watching anyway that's about it
I'll see you guys later peace out
[Music]